Normies
A term nationalist use to describe normal people
Great_Replacement
A term use to talk about white geodcide
Wrongthink
An idea or claim that is most likely true, but silenced by the powers-that-be on the “intolerant left.”
Goolag
It implies that the tech giant is a Stalinist dystopia that doesn’t tolerate thinking outside its left-wing ideological echo chamber.
Chad
 Chad Thundercock—or just “chad”—is a derogatory name given to attractive men who are sexually successful with women.
Meeks
 Men who are morally reprehensible but still able to have sexual success with women because they are physically attractive.
Femoids
 This term is used to describe women as sub-human or non-human. Some incels go further and use the term “Female Humanoid Organism,” or FHO for short.
Black_Pill
 An alternative to the popular blue pill/red pill dichotomy, which comes from the scene in The Matrix where Morpheus offers Neo one of two pills: the blue pill would allow him to continue to live in ignorance while the red pill would show him the world as it really is. In Reddit lore, the “blue pill” represents mainstream feminism, whereas the “red pill” is supposed to represent the anti-feminist truth: that men are really the most oppressed in society, and feminism is about female superiority rather than equal rights. However, taking the “black pill” means seeing that the whole system is broken, and the only solution is to refuse to engage with it at all. This is in contrast with seeking to take advantage of women through psychological manipulation, as advocated by many of those in r/TheRedPill and r/PickUpArtist communities.
Hypergamy
 The act, by women, of marrying men who are socially “above” them, otherwise known as “marrying up.”
Trumpire
 The set of subreddits dominated by Donald Trump supporters.
GEOTUS
 Acronym for “God-Emperor of the United States.” Which is referred to Donald Trump.
TPTB
 Acronym for “the powers that be.” Like "serect state" for example.
Transtrender
 People who identify as transgender because it is trendy.
13%
 13%, 13 50, or 13 52 is a racist dogwhistle for African American people, in reference to the supposed statistic that "despite being up only 13% of the population, black Americans commit approximately 50% of homicides in the USA" or "despite making up only 13% of the population, blacks make up 52% of all homicides in the United States".[23][24][25] Never mind that these figures are decades old,[26] and that based on numbers arrested, black Americans have gone from committing 49.3% of all violent crimes in 1995[27] to 37.5% in 2016-2017.[28][29] Since these statistics are based on arrests, not convictions, they are subject to bias from racial profiling. One study estimated that as much as 16-33% of arrests of racial minorities could be due to racial profiling in areas that have not had police reform.[30]
56%
 Also known as Amerimutt, La Creatura, Le 56% Face, or Der Untermensch; it refers to the claim that the USA is 56% white.[31]
1290
 1290 was the year that Jews were expelled from England by King Edward I.Wikipedia's W.svg Jews were not allowed to return until Oliver Cromwell readmitted Jews to Britain in 1656.[32
1488
Is a reference to two racist concepts, the Fourteen Words created by white supremacist David Lane ("We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children," or more rarely "Because the beauty of the White Aryan woman must not perish from the earth") and 88 (Which originally referenced Lane's "88 PreceptsWikipedia's W.svg" but now represents two H's (8th letter of the alphabet) to make "HH", for Heil Hitler.Wikipedia's W.svg) It is claimed that the 14 words were inspired by a specific sentence from Volume 1, Chapter 8 of Mein Kampf which is exactly 88 words in length, though neither Lane nor his publisher Fourteen Word Press ever claimed this and it is probably a coincidence.
Alt-left
The alt-left (also CTRL-left) is a term that The New York Times claims was made up by the right to create a sense of false equivalence between the far right and "anything vaguely left-seeming that they didn't like."[36] The term was originally coined by Robert A. Lindsay to describe some on the far-left moving away from identity and social justice politics and moving towards focusing more on economic populism.[37] — the opposite of those whom the alt-right (theoretically) use the term against, who would presumably be those who double down on identity politics and the like. It also originated as a term used by centrist and moderate Democrats against the far-left within the party (as well as left-aligned independents) who support "progressive ideals" (like pushing Seth Rich murder conspiracies, praising Bashar al-Assad, claiming chemical attacks were false flags, and still denying that Russia meddled in the US election).[38][39][40][41][42] The term has even been used by Hannity to describe mainstream media.[43][44][45]. The term "regressive left" is often used as a substitute for "alt-left" and a shitty insult for the far-right to use against the far-left ("see? the Left has crazies, too!").
Beta
The term refers to "beta male", which in turn means "not alpha male" — alpha male being a concept from the study of lions and other like animals, meaning the leader of the pack, who tends to enjoy greater sexual success. Like the word "cuck", it's probably intended to have humiliating sexual overtones when used to label men in particular. However, since the most obvious translations of "alpha male" into a human social context would be government leaders and CEOs, calling someone a "beta male" arguably just means "you're a male human being who isn't an extremely high-profile leader… at least not at the present time." Perhaps not quite what they had intended. The terms alpha, beta and cuck were adopted from the men's rights movement.
Black_don't_crack
The phrase black don't crack originates as a statement related to melanin, Sun exposure and the aging process.[68] the alt-right prefers to use it as a reference to the black brute stereotype, using "crack" as in "give up".
Blood_and_soil
Blood and soil is one of the rallying cries of the alt-right. It is a translation from the German Blut und Boden,Wikipedia's W.svg a phrase which originated in German 19th-century agrarian nationalist-romanticism, and which was adopted by the Nazi Ministry of Food and Agriculture (Reichsnährstand). Under the original Nazis, it indicated then that the original descendants (Blut) belonged to the land (Boden), and was used as an ideology to support the Nazi eugenics program and the Lebensraum ideology. Vanguard America, a white supremacist group, also uses the motto, "blood and soil". As a symbol, they use either an eagle with a Roman fasces (modern symbol of fascism), or a crossed pair of fasces.[69]
Boogaloo_or_big_igloo
Boogaloo is a code word for race war.[73] The term boogaloo is most likely derived from the multiplayer shooter game Double Action: Boogaloo.[74] Big igloo is a derivative synonym that refers to boogaloo[75] and probably to the "big tent" idea of inclusiveness (but for white people since igloos are white).
Boomer
Boomer is used as a pejorative against the baby boomer generation for their perceived left-wing radicalization during the 1960s and continued anti-fascism.[76][77] 'Boomer' has also been used as a pejorative by people outside the alt-right (e.g., 'OK, boomer.').[78]
Brownshirt
The term brownshirt is sometimes used to refer to white members of the left, with the implication being that they, like Hitler's paramilitary Brownshirts (SturmabteilungWikipedia's W.svg), will be disposed of by the rest of the left when they are no longer "useful".
Bugman
The term bugman is used to refer to left-wingers who are seen as being hollow, technology- and trend-obsessed consumerists whose opinions and tastes are completely determined by the mainstream consensus of other bugmen. It is similar in meaning to the incelese term bluepill. They have no individuality, are sometimes said to be "soulless" and have a thousand-yard "insectoid" stare that gives away that they are "dead inside". Their lives are empty and without meaning or purpose except to be consumers and serve corporations. It is a clear attempt at dehumanization and is similar to the NPC meme.
Cuck
A cuck is someone who doesn't hold alt-right views. It is used as a pejorative with absurd frequency. The term "cuck" originates from "cuckold",Wikipedia's W.svg which describes a man married to an adulterous woman, in this context in the fetish sense: the implication is seemingly supposed to be that the recipient holds views they know are wrong but is too pathetic to do anything about it. The term was taken from the men's rights movement (see Manosphere glossary#Cuckold). Someone who is not cucked is instead based or red-pilled. There are also racist ideas attached to the term, in that allowing a non-white man to have sex with one's white wife is viewed as an unforgivable offense. So the term is applied to targets deemed to be race-traitors in any way.
Cuckservative
A cuckservative is a conservative who doesn't hold alt-right views on race and immigration, and therefore is cucked instead of based.[83]
Cultural_enrichment
Cultural enrichment is a sarcastic term used by the alt-right to mock those who think immigration from countries that aren't majority white or East Asian is not an inherently bad thing. The term is used as a euphemism for a terrorist attack or problems the alt-right believes are associated with large minority or immigrant populations.[84] For example, after the June 2017 London Bridge attack,Wikipedia's W.svg a likely alt-right account tweeted:
Cultural_Marxism
Most often the examples of "Cultural Marxism" will be from the so-called "Science Wars",Wikipedia's W.svg a period when a bunch of postmodernist critics who really should have known better tried using critical theory on demonstrably accurate scientific principles as if they were social constructs, leading to some truly bizarre claims such as Sandra Harding describing Newton's Principia Mathematica as a "rape manual"[87] or Luce Irigaray's claim that E=mc2 is a "sexed equation" that "privileges the speed of light over other speeds that are vitally necessary to us."[88] While this is a thing that definitely existed and still does to an extent, it is not and never was the all-encompassing conspiracy it is painted as, and many of those involved in producing the examples cited have stated they regret their prior work and acknowledge all they did was gave ammunition to reactionaries.
Day_of_the_Rope
The Day of the Rope is an alt-right fantasy taking place in the future, when "justice" will be served to those who took part in the attempted genocide of the white race. Typically, the fantasy involves a public hanging of everyone the alt-right perceives as enemies. The term was taken from the book The Turner Diaries.[89]
Deep_state
The deep state is a conspiracy theory that there is a body of people who are secretly manipulating or controlling US government policy, and the President must serve their interests or else risk assassination.[90] It serves as a convenient excuse for the alt-right as to why Trump can't get anything done (e.g. It doesn't matter, the deep state are stopping him at all costs and he needs to make sure they don't take him out!).[91] Like many alt-right expressions, the term can be used as covert anti-Semitism.[92]
Degenerate
Degenerate, or degeneracy, is a common descriptive term used by the alt-right for anything they consider unacceptable in their ideal society.[93] The use of the word "degenerate" is an explicit reference to terms used in Nazi Germany such as degenerate art and degenerate music.
Deus_vult
Deus vult is Latin for "God wills it". Deus Vult was the battle cry of the crusaders. Use of the term implies that another crusade is necessary. SaracenWikipedia's W.svg is an associated term and was used by medieval Europeans to refer to Muslims, particularly Muslims in former Roman provinces. It's a pretty good sign you've stumbled upon an internet tough guy[94] or an alt-liter attempting to use it in a memetic fashion to hide its racist intentions. This term may be a bit less trustworthy than others, and it may just be that you've met with an internet historian making a joke. Or both.
Diversity
Diversity is often claimed to be anti-white.
Get_woke,_go_broke
The phrase Get woke, go broke is a right-wing form of schadenfreude, specifically directed at media or cultural ventures that lose money and/or popularity when they become (if they weren't already) woke. This phrase is repeated in a mocking sense ad nauseam in online forums and social media circles frequented by the alt-right and neoreactionaries whenever a "woke" venture goes "broke". Interestingly, users of this phrase seem to stay quiet when woke ventures succeed.
Holocauster
Holocauster is another term for Jews, used to try to evade keyword filters while simultaneously trivializing the Holocaust.
Jewish_question
The Jewish question (abbreviated JQ) was part of a long-running debate in Europe about the civil, legal, national and political status of Jews within Europe from the 18th through 20th centuries. It culminated in Nazi Germany with The Final Solution (German: Endlösung), resulting in the Holocaust. The alt-right has revived the term even though there are some Jews who consider themselves among the alt-right.
Shitlord
Or more rarely shitlady. An alt-right Internet troll.[105] The term has its roots on the left where it was used to describe bigots and trolls posting "ironic" bigotry, but it is increasingly worn as a badge of pride by them, in the manner of "Yes, I'm one of those evil white cisgender shitlords." Edgelord is a similar term used in the broader internet community (e.g., manosphere, Gamergate, 4chan), which in addition to trolling includes deliberately offensive contributions to Internet forums.